Both
	Added a Notification Banner system that allows quick access.
		First (and probably only usage) is "Tap To Take Notes" on weekends.

	News is now downloaded from Rock at startup.

	Notes are now downloaded at startup (reduces the delay when tapping "Messages")

	Added analytic usage tracking.

	Fixed an issue causing the Title of a news article to bleed off the right edge.

	If a news title is too long, ellipses will now be added.

	Reworked the Nav Toolbar reveal in Notes. It now reveals when near the top, and hides when scrolled.

	Updated the Image Cropper button icons.

	Added expirations to cached images (so they can be updated and don't eternally build up)

	When not logged in, the Profile Image button will act as a login button.

	Fixed an issue causing the Nav Toolbar to sometimes hide and not come back on a particular page.

	Group Finder - The selected group is now highlighted in the group list, centered on the map, and the tooltip window is opened up.

	Group Finder - The nearest group is now colored red and denoted with an extra label.

	Group Finder - Now displays day & time of the group instead of Address

	Prayer Creation - Required fields will be colored red if you attempt to submit without filling them in.
	 
iOS
	Fixed a crash if cancel was pressed on a WebView before the URL started loading.

	Fixed various weird issues if you spammed the Facebook and Login Cancel buttons.

	Fixed an issue causing task "warping" if multi-touch was used on iOS.

	Fixed an issue causing the back button to be enabled while viewing Notes in landscape.

	Fixed an issue causing animation interpolation percentages to run past 1.00 

Android
	Polished the Login Page results to match that of iOS.
	
	Fixed an issue causing the group finder map to be tiny on certain devices.

	Fixed an issue causing the Image Cropper buttons to be, ironically, cropped.

	Fixed an issue causing profile images taken with the camera to be the wrong orientation on some devices.

	Fixed an issue causing some disabled buttons to have the wrong "Disabled" color.

	Fixed an issue preventing the login screen from automatically dismissing after logging in.

	Fixed a crash when logging in with Facebook on certain Android devices.

	When Prayer Request retrieval fails, the error handling is now done via a UI instead of Message Box.

	Updated Prayer Requests to display a status and progress bar while downloading prayers.

	Fixed an issue causing performance issues / crashing when rapidly tapping Facebook / Cancel / Back

	Improved Back Button usage to avoid unexpected app exiting.

	Fixed an issue preventing the springboard from closing when a dead area of the springboard was tapped.

	Majorly improved gesture recognition for panning the Springboard.